README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/cli/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/optimizing/fonts) to automatically optimize and load [Geist](https://vercel.com/font), a new font family for Vercel.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying) for more details.

Commit message:

Refactor: Improve builder and API functionality
This commit introduces several improvements to the builder and API functionalities. Key changes include:

- **Builder Enhancements:**
    - The builder now provides confidence scores and asks clarifying questions when needed, improving the user experience.
    - Local storage is used for history, ensuring persistence across sessions.
    - Loading states and error handling are implemented for a more robust experience.

- **API Improvements:**
    - The `/api/ai/build` endpoint now returns structured responses for both dialogue and build modes.
    - App records are now created and managed using a dedicated storage layer, improving data management.
    - The `/api/apps/[id]` and `/api/apps` endpoints are refactored to use the new storage layer.

- **UI/UX Updates:**
    - Tailwind CSS is integrated for improved styling and responsiveness.
    - Voice input is now more seamlessly integrated into the UI.
    - The README has been updated to reflect the new features and getting started instructions.

- **Dependency Updates:**
    - Various dependencies have been updated to their latest versions.

These changes collectively enhance the functionality, usability, and maintainability of the Astrion application.

Co-authored-by: yaronmadmon <yaronmadmon@gmail.com>

README.md, after:

## Astrion (Voice-to-Software Factory)

Astrion is an **Empathy-Driven Software Factory**: you speak an idea, Astrion analyzes confidence, asks clarifying questions when needed, and (when confident) creates an **app record + config JSON** that the UI renders deterministically.

### Key architecture (“the laws”)

- **Analyst layer**: `lib/analyst/analyzePrompt.ts` → scores confidence + suggests intent.
- **Command/Foreman layer**: `lib/foreman/planBuild.ts` → emits only high-level JSON (no raw code).
- **Engine/Builder layer**: deterministic templates + assembly; app UI renders from stored config JSON.
- **Storage**: file-backed by default (`data/apps/*.json`) with an Airtable-ready path (env-gated).

## Getting Started

```bash
npm install
npm run dev
```

Open:

- `http://localhost:3000` (landing)
- `http://localhost:3000/builder` (voice/text builder)

### How building works (MVP)

- POST `{"prompt":"..."}` to `POST /api/ai/build`
  - If low confidence → returns `{ mode: "dialogue", questions: [...] }`
  - If high confidence → creates an app record in `data/apps/<id>.json` and returns `{ mode: "build", id, config, build }`
- Visit `/apps/<id>` to see the config-driven app UI.

### Airtable (optional)

If you want Airtable reads in the existing deploy route, set:

- `AIRTABLE_API_KEY`
- `AIRTABLE_BASE_ID`
